c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\MonPlotterWPF.exe.config
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\MonPlotterWPF.exe
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\MonPlotterWPF.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.dll
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.xml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Release\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF.g.resources
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF.exe
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Release\MonPlotterWPF.pdb
