c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.exe.config
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.exe
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.g.resources
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.exe
c:\users\valentin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Valentin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MonPlotterWPF\MonPlotterWPF\obj\Debug\MonPlotterWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
